p8105_hw1_bes2161.md, before:

p8105_hw1_bes2161
================
2022-09-22

## R Markdown

This is an R Markdown document. Markdown is a simple formatting syntax
for authoring HTML, PDF, and MS Word documents. For more details on
using R Markdown see <http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com>.

When you click the **Knit** button a document will be generated that
includes both content as well as the output of any embedded R code
chunks within the document. You can embed an R code chunk like this:

``` r
summary(cars)
```

    ##      speed           dist       
    ##  Min.   : 4.0   Min.   :  2.00  
    ##  1st Qu.:12.0   1st Qu.: 26.00  
    ##  Median :15.0   Median : 36.00  
    ##  Mean   :15.4   Mean   : 42.98  
    ##  3rd Qu.:19.0   3rd Qu.: 56.00  
    ##  Max.   :25.0   Max.   :120.00

## Including Plots

You can also embed plots, for example:

![](p8105_hw1_bes2161_files/figure-gfm/pressure-1.png)<!-- -->

Note that the `echo = FALSE` parameter was added to the code chunk to
prevent printing of the R code that generated the plot.

Commit message:

Loaded data and found the mean of flipper length

p8105_hw1_bes2161.md, after:

p8105_hw1_bes2161
================
2022-09-22

## Load libraries

``` r
library(tidyverse)
```

    ## ── Attaching packages ─────────────────────────────────────── tidyverse 1.3.2 ──
    ## ✔ ggplot2 3.3.6      ✔ purrr   0.3.4 
    ## ✔ tibble  3.1.8      ✔ dplyr   1.0.10
    ## ✔ tidyr   1.2.0      ✔ stringr 1.4.1 
    ## ✔ readr   2.1.2      ✔ forcats 0.5.2 
    ## ── Conflicts ────────────────────────────────────────── tidyverse_conflicts() ──
    ## ✖ dplyr::filter() masks stats::filter()
    ## ✖ dplyr::lag()    masks stats::lag()

## Load dataset

``` r
data("penguins", package = "palmerpenguins")
```

# Description of dataset

This dataset includes variables for the name of the species and island,
and values related to bill, flipper, body mass, sex, and year.

There are 344 rows and 8 columns.

I can find the mean flipper length.

The mean flipper length is: 200.9152047
